Create integration.md (#234)
bcgov/jag-file-submission: docs/integration.md

## Git Action Workflow

<div style="width: 640px; height: 480px; margin: 10px; position: relative;"><iframe allowfullscreen frameborder="0" style="width:640px; height:480px" src="https://app.lucidchart.com/documents/embeddedchart/cd317d74-4127-4518-8ad9-b99e7a66e005" id="M9w_SX3Zmq.f"></iframe></div>

## Code Climate

> The JAG File Submission project uses (Code Climate)[codeclimate.com] as its code quality tool. Much like SonarQube, Code Climate reads and interprets the code coverage reports generated by both the frontend and backend components of this project, and then returns a Pass/Fail status back to Github. This is an attempt to move the code quality gate in this projects development lifecycle to a point where the Maintainability and Test Coverage scores are as high as possible before this application reaches a production ready state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JAG File Submission project uses (Code Climate)[codeclimate.com] as its code quality tool. Much like SonarQube, Code Climate reads and interprets the code coverage reports generated by both the frontend and backend components of this project, and then returns a Pass/Fail status back to Github. This is an attempt to move the code quality gate in this project's development lifecycle to a point where the Maintainability and Test Coverage scores are as high as possible before this application reaches a production ready state. This is enabled by having a strict quality gate enforced on the pull request level prior to code being merged into the master branch.
```

> View the JAG File Submission code quality report (here)[https://codeclimate.com/github/bcgov/jag-file-submission]. Clicking on the badges found at the top of this projects README.md will also direct anyone to this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View the JAG File Submission code quality report (here)[https://codeclimate.com/github/bcgov/jag-file-submission]. Clicking on the badges found at the top of this projects README.md will also redirect anyone to this page.
```

# JAG File Submission Continuous Integration

## Git Action Workflow

<div style="width: 640px; height: 480px; margin: 10px; position: relative;"><iframe allowfullscreen frameborder="0" style="width:640px; height:480px" src="https://app.lucidchart.com/documents/embeddedchart/cd317d74-4127-4518-8ad9-b99e7a66e005" id="M9w_SX3Zmq.f"></iframe></div>

## Code Climate

> The JAG File Submission project uses [Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com) as its code quality tool. Much like SonarQube, Code Climate reads and interprets the code coverage reports generated by both the frontend and backend components of this project, and then returns a Pass/Fail status back to Github. This is an attempt to move the code quality gate in this projects development lifecycle to a point where the Maintainability and Test Coverage scores are as high as possible before this application reaches a production ready state.

Reviewer: would be nice to say something about being run on pr before merge to master branch

Author: @sdevalapurkar-bcgov again
